RFC: hypervisor support. (#3418)
asterinas/asterinas: book/src/rfcs/0000-hypervisor-module.md

# RFC-0000: Hypervisor Module

* Status: Draft
* Pull request: https://github.com/asterinas/asterinas/pull/3417
* Date submitted: 2026-06-21
* Date approved: YYYY-MM-DD

## Summary

This RFC proposes adding a hypervisor module to Asterinas. The module exposes
a KVM-compatible control plane in `kernel/` while keeping privileged
virtualization mechanisms in OSTD. The initial implementation targets Intel VMX
with EPT on x86.

## Motivation

> Asterinas needs first-class virtualization support for running Linux guests and

Reviewer: This paragraph can be simplified to one or two sentences because Asterinas aims to be Linux compatible and Linux supports KVM. Thus, you don't need to make a lengthy argument and coupling the motivation to Kata or containers.

`kvmtool`, and QEMU. These clients expect a KVM-compatible ABI for
creating VMs, mapping guest memory, creating vCPUs, setting register state, and
running guest code. In the longer term, the same module provides a foundation
for Kata Containers and containerd integration on top of Asterinas.

The challenge is not only to expose enough functionality to boot guests. The
design must preserve the framekernel boundary: `kernel/` remains safe Rust and
implements policy, while OSTD owns the small set of mechanisms that require
privileged CPU instructions, page-table manipulation, or `unsafe` code. This is
especially important for virtualization because a malformed VMCS, a bad EPT
mapping, or an incorrectly restored host register can become architecture-level
undefined behavior for the host kernel.

The proposed design follows the OSTD soundness principle: sensitive resources
stay inside OSTD, and only safe, minimal, policy-oriented handles are exposed to
the rest of the kernel. Guest state and guest memory are untrusted inputs, but
they are represented through types that let safe Rust code configure and run a

> guest without directly touching VMX instructions, VMCS fields, host control

Reviewer: Try not use x86-specific terms at the high-level design. Or be explicit that x86 is used as an example.

vCPU ioctls:

* `KVM_RUN`
* `KVM_GET_REGS` and `KVM_SET_REGS`
* `KVM_GET_SREGS` and `KVM_SET_SREGS`

The vCPU file descriptor is mmap-able and exposes a `kvm_run` page. The kernel
writes KVM-compatible exit records for I/O, MMIO, HLT, preemption-timer
interrupts, and internal errors.

### OSTD Interface Design

The OSTD hypervisor interface is centered on three safe abstractions.
`GuestPhysMemSpace` represents guest physical memory and owns the EPT-backed
translation from guest physical addresses to host frames. `GuestContext`
represents the per-vCPU architectural state that must survive across VM exits.
`GuestMode` is the execution object that enters guest mode, handles the
VM-entry/VM-exit state transition, and returns exits to the kernel. Together,
these types expose the mechanisms needed by the safe kernel hypervisor layer
while keeping VMX, VMCS, and EPT internals inside OSTD.

#### GuestPhysMemSpace

`GuestPhysMemSpace` represents a guest physical address space backed by EPT.
It is exported from `ostd::vm` and is owned by each kernel-level `Vm`.

Conceptually, its public API is:

```rust
pub struct GuestPhysMemSpace;

impl GuestPhysMemSpace {

>     pub fn new() -> Self;

Reviewer: Whether hardware-based virtualization is supported depends on the deployment platform. So the constructor method of `GuestPhysMemSpace` or other VM-related types must be fallible.

>     pub fn cursor<G: AsAtomicModeGuard>(

Reviewer: Write doc comments of public API. Without the doc, the API has no formal contract. For example, it is worthy explaining why a `guard: G` is required.

Author: Discussed with junyang-zh. Since the apis is identical to `VmSpace`, the verbose doc can be omitted.

        &self,
        guard: &G,
        gpa: &Range<Gpaddr>,
    ) -> Result<Cursor<'_>>;
    pub fn cursor_mut<G: AsAtomicModeGuard>(
        &self,
        guard: &G,
        gpa: &Range<Gpaddr>,
    ) -> Result<CursorMut<'_>>;
    pub fn record_memory_slot(
        &self,
        slot: u32,
        userspace_start: Vaddr,
        guest_start: Gpaddr,
        memory_size: usize,
    ) -> Result<()>;

>     pub fn eptp(&self) -> u64;

Reviewer: Try not to be bound to x86. Use CPU architecture-agnostic terms.

state that VMCS does not automatically save, loads guest state, executes
VMLAUNCH or VMRESUME, saves guest state after VM-exit, and restores host state
before returning to ordinary kernel execution.

This is analogous to `UserMode`, but the soundness stakes are higher because
VMX transitions touch host CRs, MSRs, FPU state, VMCS host fields, and interrupt
state. The safe API returns only `GuestExitInfo`: an exit reason, instruction
length, exit qualification, guest physical address, and guest RIP. The kernel
can choose how to emulate or forward the exit, but it cannot directly issue VMX
instructions or edit sensitive VMCS fields through this API.

The interrupt and timer ports are safe policy traits. A buggy kernel-side
implementation may choose a poor interrupt vector or deadline, but OSTD still
controls the injection rules. For example, vectors below 32 are ignored as
external interrupt injections, interrupt-window exiting is enabled only when
the guest cannot currently accept an interrupt, and preemption timer values are
computed from OSTD-visible TSC state. Policy bugs can affect guest behavior or
latency; they should not become host memory unsafety.

> ### VM and vCPU Lifecycle

Reviewer: The Asterinas Book project includes the [Mermaid plugin](https://mermaid.js.org/). Use the Mermid plugin to draw a diagram that connects new VM-related structs and APIs at different layer. This would be very helpful to a reader.

# RFC-0000: Hypervisor Module

* Status: Draft
* Pull request: https://github.com/asterinas/asterinas/pull/3417
* Date submitted: 2026-06-21
* Date approved: YYYY-MM-DD

## Summary

> This RFC proposes extending OSTD with hypervisor support. These OSTD facilities allow `kernel/` to safely implement a complete hypervisor, including a KVM-compatible control plane, while keeping privileged virtualization mechanisms inside OSTD. The initial implementation targets Intel VMX with EPT on x86.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This RFC proposes extending OSTD with hypervisor support. These OSTD facilities allow `kernel/` to safely implement a complete hypervisor, including a KVM-compatible control plane, while keeping privileged virtualization mechanisms inside OSTD.
```

No need to mention implementation things here.

## Motivation

> Asterinas aims to be Linux-compatible, and Linux exposes hardware virtualization through KVM. To match that host capability, Asterinas needs first-class virtualization support for existing KVM-oriented VMMs and unmodified guest kernels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Asterinas needs virtualization support for existing Linux KVM-based VMMs and unmodified guest kernels.
```

Supporting virtualization requires extending the framekernel boundary with care. Taking x86 as an example, a malformed VMCS, a bad EPT mapping, or an incorrectly restored host register can break the soundness semantics of the host kernel. Therefore, this RFC focuses on what kind of OSTD hypervisor layer Asterinas needs: it must provide soundness by encapsulating privileged virtualization mechanisms, minimality by keeping the trusted surface small, and expressiveness by giving `kernel/` enough safe operations to build a complete hypervisor above it.

## Design

### Layering

The hypervisor stack is split into three layers.

> The userspace VMM owns VM policy and device models that do not need to be in the kernel: loading a Linux image, choosing the guest memory layout, handling PIO or MMIO exits such as UART, and integrating with higher-level container runtimes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

IMHO, they are not related.

The Asterinas kernel owns the KVM-compatible file-descriptor ABI and kernel policy. It implements `/dev/kvm`, VM file descriptors, vCPU file descriptors, the `kvm_run` shared page, memory-slot registration, register ioctls, basic inkernel irqchip emulation, and conversion between KVM structs and OSTD types.

OSTD owns the virtualization mechanism. It manages hardware virtualization state, second-stage address translation, and guest-host context switching, and returns `GuestRunResult` events to the kernel. The VM-exit case carries a small `GuestExitInfo` record.

> This split mirrors the existing user-mode design in Asterinas. The kernel can decide what to run and how to handle exits, but the transition that could affect host CPU state is mediated by OSTD.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The split of the virtualization mechanism and the policy mirrors the existing user-mode design in Asterinas. The kernel can decide what to run and how to handle exits, but the transition that could affect the host CPU state is mediated by OSTD.

The Asterinas kernel owns the KVM-compatible file-descriptor ABI and kernel policy. It implements `/dev/kvm`, VM file descriptors, vCPU file descriptors, the `kvm_run` shared page, memory-slot registration, register ioctls, basic in-kernel irqchip emulation, and conversion between KVM structs and OSTD types.

OSTD owns the virtualization mechanism. It manages hardware virtualization state, second-stage address translation, and guest-host context switching, and returns `GuestRunResult` events to the kernel. The VM-exit case carries a small `GuestExitInfo` record.
```

Topic first, then details.

### OSTD Interface Design

> The OSTD hypervisor interface is centered on three safe abstractions. `GuestPhysMemSpace` represents guest physical memory and owns second-stage translation from guest physical addresses to host frames. `GuestContext` represents the per-vCPU architectural state that must survive across guest exits. `GuestMode` is the execution object that enters guest mode, handles the guest-host state transition, and returns exits to the kernel. Together, these types expose the mechanisms needed by the safe kernel hypervisor layer while keeping hardware virtualization internals inside OSTD.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OSTD provides three new abstractions. `GuestPhysMemSpace` represents guest physical memory and owns second-stage translation from guest physical addresses to host frames. `GuestContext` represents the per-vCPU architectural state that must survive across guest exits. `GuestMode` is the execution object that enters guest mode, handles the guest-host state transition, and returns exits to the kernel.
```

The last sentence does not provide useful information. Removing it actually makes the reading less burdensome.

The following diagram shows the core object ownership and the upper-lower relationship between the kernel hypervisor layer and the OSTD VM API.

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    subgraph KF["kernel fd objects"]
        direction LR
        VmFile["VmFile<br/>VM fd"]
        VcpuFile["VcpuFile<br/>vCPU fd"]
    end

    subgraph KS["kernel VM/vCPU state"]
        direction LR
        Vm["Vm<br/>memory slots"]
        Vcpu["Vcpu<br/>per-vCPU state"]
        Policy["interrupt and timer policy"]
    end

    subgraph O["ostd safe public API"]
        direction LR
        Gpm["GuestPhysMemSpace<br/>guest physical memory<br/>2-stage translation page table"]
        Context["GuestContext<br/>guest vCPU state"]

>         Mode["GuestMode::execute<br/>enter guest mode<br/>run vCPU and return exit reason"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Gpm["GuestPhysMemSpace"]
        Context["GuestContext"]
        Mode["GuestMode::execute"]
```

I don't think the explanations here are complete or useful.

Author: Removed. Tatetian wants mermaid, so two images are all mermaid now.

    ///
    /// This is the same as [`Cursor::find_next`].
    pub fn find_next(&mut self, len: usize) -> Option<Gpaddr>;

    /// Jumps to the guest physical address.
    ///
    /// This is the same as [`Cursor::jump`].
    pub fn jump(&mut self, gpa: Gpaddr) -> Result<()>;

    /// Gets the guest physical address of the current slot.
    pub fn guest_physical_addr(&self) -> Gpaddr;

    /// Maps a frame into the current slot.
    ///
    /// This method will bring the cursor to the next slot after the modification.
    ///
    /// # Panics
    ///
    /// Panics if the current guest physical address is already mapped.
    pub fn map(&mut self, frame: UFrame, prop: PageProperty);

    /// Unmaps mappings from the current guest physical address.
    ///
    /// The method removes mapped pages or page-table subtrees up to `len`
    /// bytes from the current guest physical address, flushes TLB,
    /// and returns the number of unmapped frames or page-table frames.
    ///
    /// # Panics
    ///
    /// Panics if `len` is longer than the remaining range of the cursor or is
    /// not page-aligned.
    pub fn unmap(&mut self, len: usize) -> usize;
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Currently, the cursor APIs are not optimal and are subject to change (e.g., the return value of `query` changed in #2613). Furthermore, the interface is nearly identical to `VmSpace`. Therefore, a detailed code block here with all the comments is neither useful nor up to date once the actual implementations are merged. I would suggest removing all the function documentation.

```suggestion
Its public interface is similar to `VmSpace`, which exposes the cursor to operate on the page table:

```rust
// ostd/src/vm/gpm_space.rs

/// Manages the guest physical memory space of a VM.
///
/// This type owns the page table that maps guest physical addresses to
/// host physical frames. One `GuestPhysMemSpace` can be reused by multiple
/// vCPUs in the same VM by passing a reference to
/// [`super::GuestMode::execute`].
pub struct GuestPhysMemSpace;

impl GuestPhysMemSpace {
    /// Creates a new guest physical memory space.
    pub fn new() -> Result<Self>;

    /// Gets an immutable cursor over a guest physical address range.
    pub fn cursor<'a, G: AsAtomicModeGuard>(
        &'a self,
        guard: &'a G,
        gpa: &Range<Gpaddr>,
    ) -> Result<Cursor<'a>>;

    /// Gets a mutable cursor over a guest physical address range.
    pub fn cursor_mut<'a, G: AsAtomicModeGuard>(
        &'a self,
        guard: &'a G,
        gpa: &Range<Gpaddr>,
    ) -> Result<CursorMut<'a>>;
}

/// The cursor for querying over the guest physical memory space without modifying it.
pub struct Cursor<'a>;

impl Cursor<'_> {
    /// Gets the guest physical address of the current slot.
    pub fn gpa(&self) -> Gpaddr;
    
    // Query and navigation interfaces are the same as `vm_space::Cursor`.
    // ...
}

/// The cursor for modifying the mappings in guest physical memory space.
pub struct CursorMut<'a>;

impl<'a> CursorMut<'a> {
    /// Gets the guest physical address of the current slot.
    pub fn gpa(&self) -> Gpaddr;
    
    // Query, navigation, map, and unmap interfaces are the same as `vm_space::Cursor`.
    // ...
}
```
```

**Soundness.**

The most important design choice is that the mappings are installed through a `CursorMut` that accepts `UFrame`s. A bad mapping from guest to host physical address could let the guest overwrite kernel code, page tables, heap objects, or frame metadata. Requiring `UFrame` means guest memory can only be backed by untyped frames, which do not host Rust objects.

`GuestPhysMemSpace` keeps the page table inside OSTD. The safe kernel creates cursors over guest physical ranges and passes the `GuestPhysMemSpace` to `GuestMode::execute`. It does not receive raw page table pointers, entries, or page-table pages.

**Minimality.**

`GuestPhysMemSpace` only encapsulates the sensitive page table state and cursor discipline. The upper layer decides which guest physical ranges should be mapped to which backing frames; OSTD only owns the mechanism for installing, querying, and protecting the mappings.

**Expressiveness.**

> The cursor API is expressive enough to map guest physical ranges to host physical frames, query mappings, scan to the next mapped GPA, and remove mappings when a slot is no longer valid. This lets the kernel implement memory-slot policy and guest-memory access above OSTD without exposing internals page table.

Reviewer 2: I don't think the discussions are still worthy since there are essentially no differences. Just write one or two sentences here, indicating no changes are affecting the soundness, minimality, and expressiveness.

#### GuestContext

`GuestContext` is the per-vCPU state object. It stores the guest-visible register state, the vCPU run state, and the hardware virtualization owned by OSTD.

> Its public interface is(takes x86 arch as an example):

Reviewer 2: As with the comments above on the `gpm_space.rs` code block, this one is also way too verbose. And much of the code resembles the existing CPU state. Just show the difference.

Also, type a blank space before the bracket.

```suggestion
Its public interface is (takes x86 arch as an example):
```

    pub cr0: u64,
    pub cr2: u64,
    pub cr3: u64,
    pub cr4: u64,
    pub efer: u64,
    pub apic_base: u64,
    pub interrupt_bitmap: [u64; 4],
}

/// Guest segment register state.
#[repr(C)]
#[derive(Clone, Copy, Debug, Default, Pod)]
pub struct VcpuSegment {
    pub base: u64,
    pub limit: u32,
    pub selector: u16,
    pub type_: u8,
    pub present: u8,
    pub dpl: u8,
    pub db: u8,
    pub s: u8,
    pub l: u8,
    pub g: u8,
    pub avl: u8,
    pub unusable: u8,
    pub padding: u8,
}

/// Guest descriptor table state.
#[repr(C)]
#[derive(Clone, Copy, Debug, Default, Pod)]
pub struct VcpuDtable {
    pub base: u64,
    pub limit: u16,
    pub padding: [u16; 3],
}

/// A CPUID result entry visible to a guest vCPU.
#[derive(Clone, Copy, Debug)]
pub struct GuestCpuidEntry {
    /// CPUID function, i.e., input `EAX`.
    pub function: u32,
    /// CPUID index/subleaf, i.e., input `ECX`.
    pub index: u32,
    /// KVM-compatible flags describing how the entry should be matched.
    pub flags: u32,
    /// Output `EAX`.
    pub eax: u32,
    /// Output `EBX`.
    pub ebx: u32,
    /// Output `ECX`.
    pub ecx: u32,
    /// Output `EDX`.
    pub edx: u32,

> }

Reviewer 2: I don't think this long list of regs is needed. Just use plain English to describe that they are part of the API.

```

> Its role is broader than a plain KVM register dump. It contains:

Reviewer 2: Feels very AI-generated.

* general-purpose registers in `VcpuRegs`;
* special registers, segment state, descriptor tables, EFER, APIC base, and interrupt bitmap in `VcpuSregs`;
* emulated guest-visible MSRs in `VcpuMsrs`;
* FPU/SIMD state in `FpuContext`;
* vCPU lifecycle state such as `WaitForSipi`, `Runnable`, `Running`, and `Halted`;
* VMX control-register state in `VcpuControlRegisters`;
* the OSTD-owned `Vmcs`.

**Soundness.**

> The register setters accept guest-provided values and perform a small amount of consistency maintenance for guest system registers. For example, EFER.LMA is synchronized from EFER.LME and CR0.PG, and CR0/CR4 values are adjusted against VMX fixed-bit MSRs before they are used for VM entry. These operations help the kernel construct a valid guest state, but they do not guarantee that every guest-supplied state is architecturally valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The register setters accept guest-provided values and perform a small amount of consistency maintenance for guest system registers. For example, `EFER.LMA` is synchronized from `EFER.LME` and `CR0.PG`, and `CR0`/`CR4` values are adjusted against VMX fixed-bit MSRs before they are used for VM entry. These operations help the kernel construct a valid guest state, but they do not guarantee that every guest-supplied state is architecturally valid.
```

Wrap in backticks if not plain abbreviations.

> The soundness risk is not that a guest may receive bad register state. Bad guest state can make the guest crash, triple-fault, or fail VM entry. The real risk is confusing guest state with host state in VMX root mode. `GuestContext` does not expose interfaces for setting host-sensitive registers or host-only VMCS fields.

Reviewer 2: Feels very AI-generated.

The interrupt and timer ports are safe policy traits. A buggy kernel-side implementation may inject the wrong virtual interrupt or choose a poor timer deadline, but this can only affect guest behavior or latency. It must not corrupt host CPU state or host memory.

**Minimality.**

The type is deliberately small. It does not own the vCPU context, guest memory, or policy ports; those are supplied to each `execute` call. The kernel decides what interrupt or timer model to provide, but OSTD decides how and when those policy decisions are reflected in hardware.

**Expressiveness.**

`GuestMode` performs VMX operations according to the contents of `GuestContext`, so its expressiveness mostly follows from the expressiveness of `GuestContext` described above. It adds two ports for interrupt and timer state, which are intentionally kept out of `GuestContext`. Together, the context and ports let the kernel run a guest while providing virtual interrupts and timer events. `GuestRunResult::WaitForSipi` also gives the kernel a direct way to model AP startup without entering VMX non-root mode prematurely.

> #### VmxGuard(x86 specific)

Reviewer 2: Blank space.

Reviewer 2: Also, replace `VmxGuard` with a better title. Otherwise you need to wrap it in backticks.

VMX lifecycle is controlled by a separate guard:

```rust
// ostd/src/arch/x86/vm/vmx.rs

/// Keeps VMX operation enabled while at least one VM exists.
pub struct VmxGuard;

/// Acquires a VMX lifecycle guard.
pub fn acquire_vmx() -> Result<VmxGuard>;
```

`acquire_vmx` enables VMX operation when the first guard is created and `VmxGuard` disables it after the last guard is dropped. The kernel stores this guard in the VM object, keeping VMX availability tied to VM lifetime.

### Building a Hypervisor With the OSTD APIs

The kernel can build a complete hypervisor by composing the OSTD objects above with kernel-owned policy and device state. A minimal Rust-like pseudo-code flow looks like this:

```rust
fn create_and_run_guest(image: GuestImage, userspace_mem: UserRange) -> Result<()> {
    // Keep VMX enabled for the lifetime of this VM.
    let _vmx_guard = acquire_vmx()?;

    // Create the VM and install userspace-backed guest RAM into the GPA space.
    let guest_mem = GuestPhysMemSpace::new();

>     let frames: Vec<UFrame> = pin_userspace_frames(&userspace_mem)?;

Reviewer 2: We don't have swapping at the moment, so perhaps there's no pinning? Even if we have it, the interface won't be like returning a `Vec<UFrame>`. The cursor interface makes the vector allocation unnecessary. Need more work here.

            GuestRunResult::WaitForSipi => wait_for_startup_ipi()?,
            GuestRunResult::VmExit(exit) => match decode_exit(exit) {
                Exit::Mmio(access) => emulate_mmio(access)?,
                Exit::Io(access) => forward_to_userspace_vmm(access)?,
                Exit::Hlt | Exit::Shutdown => return Ok(()),
                Exit::Other(exit) => reflect_exit_to_userspace(exit)?,
            },
        }
    }
}
```

This example shows the intended split. OSTD owns the mechanisms needed to enter and leave guest mode safely. The kernel owns VM lifecycle, memory-slot policy, vCPU file semantics, interrupt-chip state, device emulation, and userspace handoff.

### Reference for Managing VM and vCPU Lifecycles in the Kernel (x86 Specific)

![VM and VMX lifecycle](../images/vm-lifecycle.svg)

A feasible x86 lifecycle is to make the kernel VM object own hardware virtualization availability. `VmFile` holds an `Arc<Vm>`, while each `VcpuFile` holds both an `Arc<Vm>` and an `Arc<Vcpu>`. The VM therefore remains alive while any related VM or vCPU file descriptor is open, and it is released automatically after the VMM closes the last one.

> Each VM owns one `VmxGuard`. Creating the first VM acquires the first guard and initializes VMX operation. The guard stays alive for the whole VM lifetime. When the final VM is dropped, the final `VmxGuard` is dropped as well, and OSTD runs `vmxoff` to leave VMX operation. This ties VMX state to ordinary kernel object lifetime instead of requiring a separate userspace shutdown path.

Reviewer 2: This section needs to follow immediately after the `VMX Guard` section. Also, can you draw the figure in Mermaid too? Or replace the prior mermaid figure with an SVG? Having two types of figures in the same RFC is weird.

GuestMode also maps naturally to ARM and RISC-V. All three architectures need an OSTD-controlled path that saves host state, loads guest vCPU state, installs the guest physical memory space, enters the guest execution environment, and returns to the kernel on a guest exit. The mechanism differs by architecture, but the API boundary is the same.

The two port traits express policy rather than hardware details. A guest interrupt port means "the kernel-side virtual interrupt controller has an interrupt that may be injected before guest entry." On x86 this maps to VMCS interrupt injection, on ARM to VGIC/list-register state, and on RISC-V to VS-level interrupt state such as hvip or AIA/IMSIC state. A guest timer port means "the kernel-side timer model has a guest-visible deadline and OSTD should arrange a timely exit." On x86 this may use the VMX preemption timer and TSC offset, on ARM the generic timer/virtual timer model, and on RISC-V the time counter, timer delta, Sstc, or SBI timer path. These are different mechanisms, but the scheduling and injection semantics are common.

## Drawbacks, Alternatives, and Unknowns

### Unresolved Questions

> * Can the kernel fully decide guest MSR and control-register values and set them into `GuestContext` without risking host-state corruption?

Reviewer 2: Why not? Don't synthesize questions when there are no questions.

# RFC-0000: Hypervisor Module

* Status: Draft
* Pull request: https://github.com/asterinas/asterinas/pull/3417
* Date submitted: 2026-06-21
* Date approved: YYYY-MM-DD

## Summary

> This RFC proposes extending OSTD with hypervisor support. These OSTD facilities

Reviewer: Allow me to quote the [`semantic-line-breaks`]( https://asterinas.github.io/book/to-contribute/coding-guidelines/for-documentation/general-style.html#semantic-line-breaks) guideline:

> For prose in Markdown and doc comments, insert line breaks at semantic boundaries.. As an exception, RFC documents that are mostly read-only can use regular paragraph wrapping.

So this file does not need manual breaks.

Author: The above advices have been solved accordingly. It's fast because some of them are outdated.
